Well done!
You've learned about why
security analysts use Python and
the basic structure of a program.
You've even written some
lines of Python code.
Let's review what you learned so far.
You first learned about
the basics of programming and
why it's a very important tool for
security analysts.
You also learned some of the basic
concepts of how programming
languages work.
You then learned to recognize
data types in Python.
We focused on string, integer,
float, Boolean, and list data.
Next, we focused on
working with variables.
You then learned all about conditional
statements, and how to check for
logical conditions using
Python statements.
Lastly, we worked with
iterative statements and
discussed the two types of loops:
for and while loops.
You'll use this knowledge as you
progress through this course and
in your career as a security analyst.
In the next section, we'll explore
other important components of Python,
including functions.